README.md, before:

# `#mustwatch`

collections of my favorite videos, in no significant orders.

## `#javascript`

- [**JavaScript WAT**](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/wat) &mdash; so hilarious javascript talk.
- [**What the heck is the event loop anyway?**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aGhZQkoFbQ) &mdash; a fun and informative talk. really helped me understand about the event loop.
- [**ng-wat - Shai Reznik**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_Wp-2XA9ZU) &mdash; my favorite video of 2015 so far! `#angular`

## `#webdev`

- [**An introduction to browser rendering**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1cKlKM3jYI) &mdash; short introduction of how browsers render a web page. To understand and be able to optimize for performance.

## `#music`

- [**Tommy Emmanuel Talks Maton Guitars with Tony Polecastro**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UFa3fJPa40) &mdash; an interview of one of my favorite people: Tommy Emmanuel.
- [**Chris Martin on Devil Pop Art & Being CEO of Martin Guitars**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONB7n-WYTQg) &mdash; I like it when they talked about guitar making is not really an "indrustry". Everyone shares.
- [**Trance Frendz - An evening with Olafur Arnalds and Nils Frahm**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwS9YmF22Po) &mdash; recommended by [@rburns](https://github.com/rburns). Best music for coding (so far).

## `#woodworking`

- [**Tim Ewald - Clojure: Programming with Hand Tools**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShEez0JkOFw) &mdash; recommended by [@rburns](https://github.com/rburns).
- [**How to Square, Flatten, & Dimension Rough Boards by Hand**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ojeul33vXL4) &mdash; this makes me have more appriciation on hand tools.

Commit message:

add intro to rxjs talk

README.md, after:

# `#mustwatch`

collections of my favorite videos, in no significant orders.

## `#javascript`

- [**JavaScript WAT**](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/wat) &mdash; so hilarious javascript talk.
- [**What the heck is the event loop anyway?**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aGhZQkoFbQ) &mdash; a fun and informative talk. really helped me understand about the event loop.
- [**ng-wat - Shai Reznik**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_Wp-2XA9ZU) &mdash; my favorite video of 2015 so far! `#angular`
- [**You will learn RxJS**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQ1zhJHclvs) &mdash; Best intro to RxJS ever! `#rxjs`

## `#webdev`

- [**An introduction to browser rendering**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1cKlKM3jYI) &mdash; short introduction of how browsers render a web page. To understand and be able to optimize for performance.

## `#music`

- [**Tommy Emmanuel Talks Maton Guitars with Tony Polecastro**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UFa3fJPa40) &mdash; an interview of one of my favorite people: Tommy Emmanuel.
- [**Chris Martin on Devil Pop Art & Being CEO of Martin Guitars**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONB7n-WYTQg) &mdash; I like it when they talked about guitar making is not really an "indrustry". Everyone shares.
- [**Trance Frendz - An evening with Olafur Arnalds and Nils Frahm**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwS9YmF22Po) &mdash; recommended by [@rburns](https://github.com/rburns). Best music for coding (so far).

## `#woodworking`

- [**Tim Ewald - Clojure: Programming with Hand Tools**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShEez0JkOFw) &mdash; recommended by [@rburns](https://github.com/rburns).
- [**How to Square, Flatten, & Dimension Rough Boards by Hand**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ojeul33vXL4) &mdash; this makes me have more appriciation on hand tools.
